we all know that the dog is a friend of man
not only life but also video games
so we decided to create the top 10 dogs in
the games went last
sam is located from the game sam and max
comic book characters in several video games
the faithful most unusual dog are represented
in the top he can talk wears a suit and
a hat
the water is rotting the path takes the car
working in detective with his
mate rabbit max lock take
higher place in our top
but unfortunately we did not find them much
Information you thought someone from you
you hear about him for the first time
ninth place barbus because of the mountains scrolls 5
skyrim
Skyrim many animals including dogs
he seemed to us the most interesting is waiting
barbus from a local blacksmith for quite
to meet this dream you need to take
quest in search of the missing dog is worth
not far away from the city and barbus
appears in your way no matter how
strange can talk that not
peculiar to sky roman dogs and in general
he tells a story that once was
With this dog's tan you can take a quest
dog
Kernels is the only dog that gives out
he quests
by 8
blind dogs series of games stalker blind dogs
were once ordinary household
dogs after the first catastrophe were
ruling after forced 2 mutants
they lost their sight began to hear better
and improved their sense of smell they look like
zombies peeled off their skin rotting flesh big
sharp teeth go in packs sometimes with
Chernobyl about themselves sometimes without
found everywhere if you approach them
brilliance then most likely they are on you
attack it is not terribly serious
the enemy can not be considered to overcome
you can even the simplest weapon in the game
seventh place ili of call of duty
State Riley battle dog brothers lockers
fighters from the squad ghosts
one of the most powerful and daring everything all
top able in just a couple of seconds
bitten human to trick but
this is a true friend to its
the owners of course for this dog can
even play but fun it will last
about 10 minutes
I would like to see more missions with
raylem maybe then put gas not
it was such a failure
sixth place
fallout new vegas rex is far from ordinary
dog most of his body consists of
cyber dentures instead skulls him
talk the glass dome under which
is the brain he lives at the king's head
not a large panel stationed on
extremely new vegas once the rivers got sick
and you will not believe he had to do
brain transplant you have to
take away and another dog under the most
brain after a brain transplant he
will become your faithful friend and maybe with
traveler
in fifth position tobi and
from the game for testament of sherlock holmes
the last will of sherlock holmes top not
similar to the previous members of the house he is not
combat and small and old fat
however, the tobi is excellent cell as much
that holmes himself uses it both
smart calm dog but in the game his role
not big enough to play one more for him
together all subsequent time he lies on
rug
fourth position champ from postal 2
the most obscene is not politically correct
game of all top
respectively, the same and his master dog
is the protagonist of the game redhead crazy
named dude and than often walks with her
master u helps him to take
bystanders piss on
policemen steal food and terrify
on town paradise
the top three opens dog chop holy
again the master of what appears one of
protagonists of the game named franklin than
only appears in a couple of major
missions
once even give a play for him but
that doesn't mean you don't have it anymore
see and he is always in a kennel
next to the house
you can take him for a walk
you can mill or just play with
him a ball and this is the only dog that
right in the video game
had sex and defecated
on the silver position of peas from the duck game
hunt is the oldest dog of all top
him this year celebrated 20 years already,
anniversary you have to congratulate him eighty
fourth year game duck hunt came out on
nintendo principle it was ordinary
arcade where you could use a laser
gun and shooting ducks
if you hit the duck just lower
with her in hand and if ducks succeeded everywhere
dog catty giggling rubbing his paw
well, on top of top so
such an orchard warmed old
french farmer emile by coincidence
circumstances appeared on the front of the first
world war pretty quickly had
got to the Germans in captivity where he performed
minor assignments
but once as a result of shelling
German camp was destroyed by a miracle
German dog rescues
and this dog finds it swept out right
friend and master after that they always
walk together and help each other
the dog of valiant hearts turned out to be the most
best of all presented looking at her
You can confidently say that the dog is
man's friend top made this pack
der gute read those epic war if you
liked this top then like
you can even share with friends and
subscribe to the channel not to miss
new issues of luck